# Merge.AccountingClient.Model.BalanceSheet
# The BalanceSheet Object ### Description The `BalanceSheet` object shows a company’s assets, liabilities, and equity. Assets should be equal to liability and equity combined. This shows the company’s financial health at a specific point in time.  ### Usage Example Fetch from the `LIST BalanceSheets` endpoint and view a company's balance sheets.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **Guid** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**RemoteId** | **string** | The third-party API ID of the matching object. | [optional] 
**RemoteData** | [**List&lt;RemoteData&gt;**](RemoteData.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | **string** | The balance sheet&#39;s name. | [optional] 
**Currency** | **CurrencyEnum** | The balance sheet&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**Company** | **Guid?** | The company the balance sheet belongs to. | [optional] 
**Date** | **DateTime?** | The balance sheet&#39;s date. The balance sheet data will reflect the company&#39;s financial position this point in time. | [optional] 
**NetAssets** | **float?** | The balance sheet&#39;s net assets. | [optional] 
**Assets** | [**List&lt;ReportItem&gt;**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Liabilities** | [**List&lt;ReportItem&gt;**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Equity** | [**List&lt;ReportItem&gt;**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**RemoteGeneratedAt** | **DateTime?** | The time that balance sheet was generated by the accounting system. | [optional] 
**RemoteWasDeleted** | **bool** | Indicates whether or not this object has been deleted by third party webhooks. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FieldMappings** | **Dictionary&lt;string, Object&gt;** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

