# Merge.AccountingClient.Model.CashFlowStatement
# The CashFlowStatement Object ### Description The `CashFlowStatement` object shows operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities over a period of time (month, quarter, or year).  ### Usage Example Fetch from the `LIST CashFlowStatements` endpoint and view a company's cash flow statements.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **Guid** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**RemoteId** | **string** | The third-party API ID of the matching object. | [optional] 
**RemoteData** | [**List&lt;RemoteData&gt;**](RemoteData.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | **string** | The cash flow statement&#39;s name. | [optional] 
**Currency** | **CurrencyEnum** | The cash flow statement&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**Company** | **Guid?** | The company the cash flow statement belongs to. | [optional] 
**StartPeriod** | **DateTime?** | The cash flow statement&#39;s start period. | [optional] 
**EndPeriod** | **DateTime?** | The cash flow statement&#39;s end period. | [optional] 
**CashAtBeginningOfPeriod** | **float?** | Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the cash flow statement&#39;s period. | [optional] 
**CashAtEndOfPeriod** | **float?** | Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the cash flow statement&#39;s period. | [optional] 
**OperatingActivities** | [**List&lt;ReportItem&gt;**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**InvestingActivities** | [**List&lt;ReportItem&gt;**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**FinancingActivities** | [**List&lt;ReportItem&gt;**](ReportItem.md) |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**RemoteGeneratedAt** | **DateTime?** | The time that cash flow statement was generated by the accounting system. | [optional] 
**RemoteWasDeleted** | **bool** | Indicates whether or not this object has been deleted by third party webhooks. | [optional] [readonly] 
**FieldMappings** | **Dictionary&lt;string, Object&gt;** |  | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

